Feedback on Story Boards

Page 1 - I love the nightmare flashbacks!! I would even go so far to say that you could let those 4 panels at the top take up the rest of the page, leaving only room for the two little bottom panels - I don't mind the "background" of seeing Asoka running and tripping, but I want the horror of the Beasts to be paramount in this opening page. Also, on this page Asoka should be in full outfit, including face veil, meaning we shouldn't see their face, and we should be able to tell that they are completely covered to protect themselves from the environment. 

Also, the way that I envisioned the basic template of the Green Havens is that their home structures are all interconnected, again, to reflect how dangerous the outside environment is. It would be so tedious to put on your full outfit just to visit your neighbor or see if they have some spare sugar, so all of the home should be connected via Biononymous tapestry tunnels. These should be in hexagonal shapes, when looking at them from above, to reflect the Biononymous' beehive-based visual aesthetics. Radiating outwards from this central home hive structure are greenhouses and orchards and garden plots. 

Page 2 - So cute!! Love the facial expressions! Again, just make sure that the kids all look like they are wearing their face veils. They should also be under some sort of canopy, as the sun is generally too strong to just stand outside without some cover, even if you are wearing full Biononymous outfit. And similar to my note above, the home/living structures we do see should be part of a large, I would almost say sprawling, interconnected hive-like structure...kind of like this: http://www.weddingtentsale.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/dome-tent-linked-dome-tents-connected-dome-house-dome-igloo-connection-geodesic-dome-wedding-dome-geodesic-dome-tent-igloo-tents-3.jpg

Also, take a look at this map of locations important to the graphic novel: https://www.google.com/maps/d/embed?mid=1Y8iEuFi3Qe5qZuOaLN8kwWPE7Rs1kN8E

Green Haven Howes is located near the entrance to Howes Cave in New York state, just west of Albany. 

Page 3 - awww, Pippa is so cute XD in the top panel, can you include the detail that Iri is holding large woven shade fans over the children? I just want to hammer home the message that the outdoors are DANGEROUS AS FUCK and the Biononymous have to do all sorts of extra things to protect themselves and be one of the few people able to live above ground (remember, they are growing food for their local cave, which is packed full of "normal" humans who have no ability to live on the surface). 

Also, can the "far hill field" be a terraced hill, quite high up a mountain away from the Central home structure? Kind of like this, but covered and not on a london roof lol: https://dornob.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/london-roof-1.jpg 
or this: http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-E1_F3NFpLGg/T4eQffd4ZUI/AAAAAAAAJYs/5bweuLPqIfE/s640/IMG_5250.JPG

What I'm going for is for Asoka to be far away enough that when the Beasts attack, the view they see is more like this: http://www.visitcentralnewyork.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Schoharie1.jpg

or like this: http://visitschohariecounty.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/home_cafe_slider_a6.jpg

Also, I think you can reduce the three panels in row 3 to just the last one, and allow more space for the very top panel. I would love for the top panel to take up the same amount of space as the top two rows are currently taking, showing more of the terraced hillside with greenhouses. Then you could have just the "Why do I always have bad luck" panel plus "these are always so hard to do with gloves" panel as row 2, and the last panel as is?

Page 4 - Love the first and last panel! Can the middle panels show the "gravity powered irrigation system" instead of just the water barrels and their hose attachments? I'm thinking something like this: http://www.tulsigroup.com/images/Drip_layout.jpg
...except instead of a pump and a well, the water barrels sit at the highest point, further up the hill than the plants, and the drip irrigation system uses the physics of the hill to let water flow slowly down onto the crops. Also, in this sort of system, the hose attachment would go at the bottom of the water barrel, not at the top :)

another useful link: 
http://powellriverbooks.blogspot.com/2010_04_01_archive.html

Page 5 - Hahaha, it looks like Pippa's nose is watering the plants. Also, Iri can spend more time on top of Asoka's head, or hanging out on other structures near Asoka. When they talk about Jeshua making butter buns, can you show those wavy lines sometimes used in comics to indicate a strong smell? I want Asoka to make that comment because the smell of freshly baked bread is floating up the mountainside towards them. Also, that panel is really packed with words, whereas the top half of the page is pretty empty of text...Maybe you could start straight away with the panel where Asoka says "then the bad luck gets scared..."? It would be nice to have room to zoom out and show the whole valley and hillside when Asoka talks about how "some of the plants need more sun than they'd get in the valley."

Page 6 - I LOVE THIS PAGE!! My only comment is, if we are up here because these plants need more sunlight, then it would be great for the greenhouse to reflect that need, and have it be some kind of open-roof or transparent roof structure. Remember that Asoka and the Biononymous children are already wearing the protective clothing they need, so these buildings should optimise for the needs of the plants!

Page 7 - whooaa, Iri melting off of Asoka when the emergency broadcast comes through is intense! Love the layout on this page. For the final image, I would just adjust so that Asoka is further away and higher up on the mountainside so that it makes sense that she escapes the Beasts attack. 

Page 8 - top panel should show a Central living space like the one I described above. Also, now that Asoka is inside the home structure, they should be without head scarf, gloves, or socks. Can the two panels showing Asoka crying also show them cuddling Iri? I want there to be more scenes showing their relationship, and how Iri helps Asoka deal with the trauma and guilt. Oh yeah, can Asoka look more guilty about sending Pippa more or less to their death? Also, when you zoom out and show Eireena, Serena, and Fili, can Eireena be sitting in the middle? Serena should be closest to the door, as she is Eireena's body guard. And I'd like Fili to be African American :) And all three of them should also be wearing very minimal outfit since it's late at night and we can assume that they were sleeping when Asoka showed up. I think only Eireena and Serena should have their head scarves and face veils, and they should be carrying them, not wearing them. Also, I would love to highlight the shrine, so maybe one of the dialogue panels can show a close-up of the shrine instead of a close-up of Asoka? 

Page 9 - ooooo, I love the details you started to put into the tapestries! The first two panels are really nice...for the dialogue "it seems these days are full of the strange...", could we get an image that is tilted camera angle that shows Eireena looking down at a crying Asoka, who is hugging Iri and rocking back and forth? This image could be the visual for the rest of the dialogue on this page. 

Page 10 - wow this page is perfect!! my only request is that in the final version, the walls be covered in embroidered tapestries...but the composition is almost exactly as I imagined it! And Asoka's facial expressions are perfect...I would say that their face in the panel where Fili says "it's ok to feel pain" maybe Asoka should look more guilty...during this scene Asoka should be thinking about how they sent Pippa to their death. Oh, also Fili shouldn't have a head scarf, so we should see his hair (which I'm imagining to be dreds) 

Page 11 - When Asoka spills the raspberries, it's because they stand up to greet Eireena. Fili should also stand to greet Eireena; she's the High Priestess, so whenever she enters or leaves a room, everyone stands and bows to show their respect. And when we see Asoka's hand crushing the raspberries, can their hand actually be clutched to their chest? You could actually combine the image of Asoka and Iri looking at each other, the raspberries crushed in Asoka's hand that is clutched to their chest, and the dialogue "if you hear what I have to say..." (maybe...I think that could work?). And I love the extra moment you take to show Asoka's eyes as they decide to hear what Eireena has to say...the second to last panel, again, can Asoka look more wracked with guilt?

Page 12 - Nice, I really like the layout on this one! not as grid-like, very refreshing :) But it's an awful lot of just Eireen's face...maybe for the "your story confirms the terrifying results..." you could show clenched hands, or show Serena with an angry face (Serena HATES the peacekeepers). And maybe somewhere in the background you could show the Lt Colonel and the Peacekeepers standing in full ranks outside the Biononymous central home structure having their audience with Eireena?
