Feedback on Storyboards

Page 1 - looks great! Maybe a bit more ethnic diversity amongst the fancy people at the ribbon-cutting event? and maybe some more greenery in the scene, given that they are on an arboretum :)

Page 2 - Can the info-spheres actually encase people's heads/hands/body parts, as opposed to projecting out away from them? LOVE that you show a homeless person/beggar with no protective gear. What did you and Miguel decide re: the outer look of the institute building? 

Page 3 - This is almost exactly as I imagined it!! I love the LNB on the receptionist's cap. 

Page 4 - ahahaha, I love Majhee's facial expressions on this page! The giant floating bacteria also looks great...I didn't have anything specific in mind about the labels, and would even be happy to have labels that are "out of focus" so that readers can't actually read any of the meta-data, but if you would like to label the bacteria more explicitly and want some guidance on what info to include let me know! For Marcia, I was imagining her to be a very "career-driven" woman who is very conscious of the power of appearances, so she should look the part - makeup, perfect hair, crisp business suit, the works. Lastly, what do you think of the dialogue tweaks I made since you submitted these storyboards? Do you think the amount of text is still too much? Happy to adjust based on your thoughts! 

Page 5 - top panel, can Majhee look more annoyed with Marcia? The transition in the conversation is definitely during those middle panels...at first, Majhee should be annoyed that this is 'yet another reprimand about her lack of willingness to play politics', and then Marcia should also drop her picture-perfect facade to confess her concern for Majhee. Also, I was envisioning that the Info-spheres don't use keyboards or screens - their interface is entirely through gestures and eye gaze location. I also imagined Majhee to be the kind of person who would prefer a standing desk - actually, I'm imagining that in the future, we've not only gotten rid of keyboards and screens, but also sitting all day. If ergonomics were to win out and every office (and not hipster startups in SF) had standing desks and people stopped trying to ignore how bad keyboards and track pads are for your wrists, that's where I'm imagining Info-spheres came in :) 

Page 6 - Other than updating the characters to look like your character designs, this page looks great! Breno and Iara look pretty close to how I imgined them as well. 

Page 7 - When Kai says "we can't finish without you...", can we get a close-up of her hands looking very arthritic? I love showing Majhee crumpling up the note in anger. 

Page 8 - Did you see the new images I described in the script to go with Majhee's speech?

Page 9 - Beautiful :D Will the bottom panel show either the "Quiet room" door or Iúna's office door?

Page 10 - Again, with the info-spheres, I want them to look like balls of light that encase the body part in which the body mod is embedded. And Iúna's Info-sphere desk should have a stool, or something to support her while in a more standing position and not sitting. 

Page 11 - Is the top panel supposed to show california? Can it show a bird's eye view of cookie-cutter suburban sprawl from LA to San Francisco, instead of anything that looks like nature?

Page 12 - Can the main image of this page show Iúna on a mountain-side (near the factory), facing the setting sun? Also, her arms should be spread out...looks more dramatic, and I'm thinking that it's necessary for the wearer of this prototype Biononymous outfit to turn their body into a large antennae, so they should spread their arms out. Thoughts? I also tried to condense the dialogue for this page in the script, let me know what you think!